Walk into an average course Marchal welcome to discourse.
We already learned a lot about angular and thus far we really built a single page application.
We use directives and so on to change portions off this page.
But in the end we always were on the same page.
If you looked at the you are at the top it was always localhost for 200.
Now what if you wanted to have a page where you actually display several pages like you have a slash
users or a slash a Callan's page.
Now you might think that for days you indeed need multiple pages multiple index aged him of files or
something like this.
But you don't angler ships with its own router which allows you to change your.
Indeed you were Albar and still only use one page but then Xchange major parts are a lot of parts off
that page so that to the user it really looks like a new page was loaded because maybe only the header
it is the same but behind the scenes it is still javascript changing a lot of parts in your dorm in
your page making it look like a new page was rendered but you're still in the angular world in your
single page application.
Let's take a closer look.
In this module